chore: Primitive Keys comes to PRINT TOPIC (#4507)
confluentinc/ksql: docs-md/developer-guide/ksqldb-reference/print.md

PRINT ksql__commands FROM BEGINNING;
```

> ksqlDB will attempt to determine the format of the data in the topic and wil output what its thinks is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ksqlDB attempts to determine the format of the data in the topic and outputs what it thinks is

```

the key and value formats at the top of the output.

!!! note
   Attempting to determine a data format from only the serialized bytes is not an exact science!

>    For example, it is not possible to distinguish between serialized `BIGINT` and `DOUBLE`s, as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example, it is not possible to distinguish between serialized `BIGINT` and `DOUBLE` values, as

```

>    they both occupy 8 bytes. Short strings can also be mistaken for serialized numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   they both occupy eight bytes. Short strings can also be mistaken for serialized numbers.

```
